Wow.
Okay, we've gone through a lot with this.
And now I just want to give you quick tips on trying to find out what this all referred to.
Number one, the value of this is usually determined by the execution context.
We think about that when you started to think about what is this where I am in my code, what's going
on?
That's rule number one.
Important rule.
Rule number two, in the global scope, this will refer to the window object.
Let's have a look at an example quickly in the global context.
This refers to the window object.
We know this if we just yank Google Chrome's console and we type this.
What do you think would happen?
Well, there we go.
We get the window object.
And if we console log this, is that the same as the window we get to, which makes sense.
Remember how we've been saying that the value of this is usually determined by how function is called?
Well, if we define a function in the global scope.
What do you think will happen when we console.log this?
Now, when we run this function, what do you think would happen?
Will its environment is being run in the global context.
So I would expect this to point to the global context because the value of this is reference by how
functions cool.
So if we run this function.
We get the window object, which is awesome, it's what we expected.
Number three, this is set to the closest parent object when used within an object.
Oh, let's have another look at an example.
What do we mean when we say that this is set to the closest parent object when used within an object?
Let's have a look at an example.
You should say this is example one.
Late dog equal.
So here we defining an object.
Let's give the dog a name of, I don't know, it's delta.
And it's also put a method on this dog where the dog can make a sound.
And we're just going to console.log template literals, and we going to say.
The name of the dog goes, woof, woof.
Pretty straightforward.
I think you haven't seen before.
And if we execute this function, we would expect to see.
The result, if we just switch on.
And there you go.
Live or I'm sorry, we need this keyword.
So there you go.
Delta goes will fourth, but what's interesting is what about if we console this out to the screen?
And we can get rid of the Liberals.
And what you see here is that what's concealed load to the screen is the actual object itself.
It's got the name property in the wolf function and this is the point I'm trying to prove.
This refers to the parent object, which is dog.
How awesome is this?
But before we continue, I just want to drive this point home even more.
What about within this dog object?
Let's just leave that function call.
Now we define assisted.
What do you think is going to happen now?
And this this dog is going to have a name of Yemen.
And this dog is also going to have a function called Wolf.
And this is going to console.log Typekit literals.
This name.
Goes.
So now we've got an object called dog.
It's got a sister object called sister dog.
I know it seems weird, but what's going to happen when we console the second one?
This is the dog's console.
What is this going to refer to?
Remember what we said references the closest parent object, which in this case is Sister Dog said I
would expect the second console to console log gamma goes was not Delta goes was it's ever look, let's
see if we right.
So if we now execute dog and we exist, this is the dog and we xs the wolf method on it.
What do you think would happen?
Well, here we go.
Gemma goes, woof, woof.
Point proven.
Let's move on.
Full, when the new keyword is used, this is bound to the newly created object again.
Let's have a look at an example.
Remember when we have to use a new keyword, it's right with the constructor function.
So let's define the constructor function.
Let's call it person.
And they'd say we'd taken a first name and the last name.
We have to have the opening curly bracket, and now we want to set this first name to be the first name
we passed into the function.
And this last name to be the last name we passed into the function.
And then what I want to do now, just to prove my point is let's console.log this, that this keyword.
What about if we try and execute this without the new keyword, if I just execute personnel straight
off the bat?
Remember how we said that the value of this is determined by how function is called?
We have the functions in the global scope.
So if you guessed that this would be the global object, you would be correct in this instance.
I'll agree with you.
It's execute person.
And there you go.
We see console.log to screen the window object.
But what happens when we use the new keyword or something else happens, doesn't it, that this is going
to reference now the newly created object, not the global object?
I'll prove it to you.
Let Mary equal new person first name can be Mary, whose second name can be changed.
Why execute this?
What's console.log to the screen is not the global object anymore, the actual person object.
The newly created object that we've created, which in this case is Mary great hope that makes sense.
Five area functions don't find this, and I won't show you an example now of this because we thought
we literally did it in the previous section when we were looking at functions and error functions and
lost, which we haven't gone over, which are well, now we can choose what this refers to explicitly.
It's almost like going into manual mode on your camera.
You know, I love photography.
I love taking photos.
And sometimes when you know what you're doing, you just want to take over.
You want to take over that steering wheel and do what you want.
And it's the same with using coal.
Find and apply methods.
Let me show you how those work quickly, but these are the six foot high level rules that you should
think about when you're struggling with this, or you wanting to understand in what context you're currently
in.
Hope it makes sense.
Let's move on.